thousands of people say goodbye to
chespirito in the Aztec stadium children and
adults disguised as the eight '
quico and chilindrina and the chapulín
colorado ' they saw themselves in the sea of
people who came to give him the last
goodbye to the comedian who died on Friday
at 85 years old in cancun thousands of
people were given appointment on Sunday
the emblematic and imposing stadium
aztec from mexico city to say goodbye
to roberto gómez bolaños gave me sadness
when I knew he died because I saw
all chapters of 'el chavo' counted
a girl named karla díaz of nine
years the little girl and her brother
I get a flower as requested by the
call of the television network for
dismiss the renowned big actor
posters with famous phrases of
chespirito characters like the no
They counted on my astuteness of the grasshopper
colorado 'they dressed the facade of
stadiums we feel a lot of sadness because
it was a great person who gave to
meet mexico in many ways like
We were or how is the sense of humor of
the Mexicans
this sadly elvira domínguez a
street vendor thousands of
articles allusive to the characters of
chespirito were part of the offer
from the sellers of the Aztec the Colossus
of santa úrsula as it is also known
to the stadium he dressed and dressed up to give the
last goodbye to the most famous amateur
from the local club the eagles of the
america were sweethearts outfit
from chespirito who deco materialized
his passion for the team in movies
as the change the homage of this
Sunday is the second that is done in
the house of the america to bolaños on Saturday
in the party in which the azulcremas
advanced to the semifinals of the tournament
local after beating the cougars of the
National Autonomous University of Mexico
a first recognition was given to
interpreter during the meeting a
poster remembered the comedian and the minute
8 of the meeting images were projected